# Set citation options

.yml_cite_set`sets the citation options in`\_projr.yml\`.

The options are:

- codemeta: whether to generate a codemeta.json file.

- cff: whether to generate a CITATION.cff file. Indexable by GitHub and
  Zenodo.

- inst-citation: whether to generate a CITATION file in the inst/
  directory. If the project is installed as an `R` package, then
  citation data can be generated by
  `citation(package = <project_name>)`.

The default is to leave all the settings unchanged.

If these settings are not setting in `_projr.yml`, then the default is
to generate a codemeta.json file, a CITATION.cff file and a CITATION
file in the inst/ directory.

.yml_cite_set_default` sets all citation options to default (`TRUE\`).

## Usage

``` r
projr_yml_cite_set(
  all = NULL,
  codemeta = NULL,
  cff = NULL,
  inst_citation = NULL,
  simplify_identical = TRUE,
  simplify_default = TRUE,
  profile = "default"
)

projr_yml_cite_set_default(
  profile = "default",
  simplify_identical = TRUE,
  simplify_default = TRUE
)
```

## Arguments

- all:

  logical. Whether to set all the options to `TRUE` or `FALSE`. If
  `NULL`, then `codemeta`, `cff` and `inst_citation` are used. Default
  is `NULL`.

- codemeta:

  logical. Whether to generate a codemeta.json file. If `NULL`, then
  setting is not changed.

- cff:

  logical. Whether to generate a CITATION.cff file. If `NULL`, then
  setting is not changed.

- inst_citation:

  logical. Whether to generate a CITATION file in the inst/ directory.
  If `NULL`, then setting is not changed.

- simplify_identical:

  logical. If `TRUE`, then if all the settings are the same then only
  `cite: TRUE` or `cite: FALSE` is written to `_projr.yml`. Default is
  `TRUE`.

- simplify_default:

  logical. If `TRUE`, then if all the settings are the same and equl to
  the default (`TRUE`), then the settings are not recorded in the
  `projr` configuration file (as the default will be equal to it).

- profile:

  character. The profile to write to. Default is "default", in which
  case it writes to `_projr.yml`.

## Examples

``` r
if (FALSE) { # \dontrun{
# set all to TRUE
projr_yml_cite_set(all = TRUE)

# set all to FALSE
projr_yml_cite_set(all = FALSE)

# set only cff to FALSE
projr_yml_cite_set(cff = FALSE)

# revert to defaults
projr_yml_cite_set()
} # }
```
